# Bamazon
Bamazon is an Amazon-like storefront created to demonstrait my skills with MYSQL. The app has a number of different features depending on which user is accessing it. Screenshots of the program in action can be found at https://kknosala.github.io/bamazon/.

## Requirements
  The Bamazon app requires the following to work:
   - MYSQL
      - MYSQL Workbench was used to create and test the servers.
   - inquirer
   - cli-table
   - node.js

## Apps
  Bamazaon uses three separte js files to simulate three different user types. The files and the actions that can be done on them are as follows.

  ### bamazonCustomer.js
   This app simulates the customer experience.
  #### Start Menu
    Once logging in, the customer will have the following options:
      ```
      See Product Selection
      - This will show customers available inventory
      Quit
      - This will close the connection and end the program
      ```
   #### Product Selection Page
   Here, cusomters will be able to see product ids, product names, departments, price, and available stock.
   
     They will have the following options available:
     ```
     Buy a Product
     - This will allow the customer to buy a product of their choice
     Go Back Home
     - This will take the customer back to the Start Menu
     Quit
     - This will close the connection and end the program
     ```
   After purchasing an item, customers will see the changes if they choose to buy another product.

### bamazonManager.js
The Bamazon Manager App is designed to be used by managers to check on inventory, add to inventory, and to add new items to existing departments.
#### Start Menu
When the manager logs in, this is the screen they will see.
```
The following options are available:
View Products for Sale
View Low Inventory
Add to Inventory
Add New Product
Quit
```
#### View Products for Sale
This option will allow the manager to see a list of all items currently for sale. They will automatically be taken back to the start menu after the table is generated.
#### View Low Inventory
This choice displays a table with any item that has less than 5 items in stock.
#### Add to Inventory
This command will ask the manager to choose which item to add to based on product ID. Then, they will input how many of the item they are adding to the stock.
#### Add New Product
This option allows the manager to add a new item to the table. They will be asked the name of the new item first. They will then be asked to select the department this product is in from a list. This list is generated by the departments database. They will then be asked to list the intital stock available.
### bamazonSupervisor.js
This is the user experience for the supervisor.
#### Start Menu
This is the initial screen for the supervisor. They will have a table created of departments and over head costs on the start screen.
```
The following options are available:
View Product Sales by Department
Create New Department
Quit
```
#### View Product Sales by Department
This option will display a table with the Department ID, Department Name, Over Head Costs, Total Product Sales (based on sales on the customer app), and Profit. Profit is dynamically generated based on the sales and overhead costs.
#### Add Department
This option allow the supervisor to add new departments that can then be used by managers to add new items. The supervisor will need to add the name and the initial over head cost of the new department.
